To stand… first, I wanna record that. What is your role on campus? Are you a student, staff, or visitor?
Oh, I'm a graduate student.
How familiar are you with 50?
till now, I will say I'm not so much familiar with PFT.
Uh, I think I need to explore a bit more to navigate.
throughout the building.
Mm-hmm. What types of places do you usually explore or look in the PFD?
usually I need to go to my department office and and the chairman office.
Mm-hmm.
Not only that, my advisor is also the chair of the Division of computer science. So we.
Usually have meeting extra weekly meeting. So I need to go every week to his office for the meeting.
I see.
Apart from this, I, uh, need to go to my lab and also the Panera to grab some snacks.
And… and some classroom if I do have some classes, yeah.
Okay, how would you describe navigating inside 50? What makes it easy or difficult?
To navigate inside the PFT.
Oh, 1st of all, let me share with you my experience.
So as a newcomer, I will say it's a bit confusing. Everything looks pretty much symmetric.
So, um, most of the times, I get used to get lost in the building, and then I need to follow the number.
So… I didn't know that the whole facility is divided into multiple zone. For example, zone 2, 3, 0, zone 2100. So there are multiple zones. So I didn't know that.
So, after… So many days I figured out, okay, so there are three or four buildings or zone. I need to figure out the zone. Then, based on the zone, then I need to figure out the room number.
Uh, that I would like to go. Yeah, it was very confusing.
Yeah, as you mentioned, it's confusing. Can you describe a specific event or time when you try had trouble?
Finding a room or office inside PFD.
Well, um… There are, um… Okay, so I'm going to share with you 4 cases. The 1st case is.
I had a class. So this was my first day at Lsu. So I tried to find the room number.
So it was very difficult. It was on the ground floor.
Uh, probably in zone… I mean, the first zone probably.
So it took a lot of time to find out the room. Second thing is finding the departmental office. This is the first thing I needed to do after coming to the PhD.
So it is quite difficult. I couldn't figure out by myself. I needed help from my advisor to find out where.
Room is. And third one is the lab, and also the restrooms. Sometimes I find it fairly difficult to figure out the restrooms and the exit plan. So when I see the exit sign, it shows that, okay, I expect that, okay, so there will be somewhere.
nearby exit plan, but actually it's not. It directs me to like so many ways to go to find out the exit plan.
Alright, so… where did you start? Um, like, you become confused in the hallways or changing the floors, or any specific area that seems confusing.
Um, changing the floor is fine, but in the hallway, yeah.
The hallway is kind of, like, confusing to us.
Yeah. So how did you feel in that moment when you faced such a situation?
Oh, it feels like so sometimes if I'm. So when I'm running out of time. So when I see that I don't have enough time, then it feels really, really tense.
Hmm.
And when I have time, then it's fine. Okay, so somehow I figured out I have lots of time. But if I don't have time, it's it's really very intense moment for me. So you know that, uh… tennis were precious and I need to go there in time. Yeah.
Mm-hmm. So, when you cannot find a particular location inside PFT, what you usually do.
Um…
Did you ask someone for help, or did you use any sign any maps?
Phone for searching, anything?
Oh, I tried my phone, but it didn't work out, and I usually don't ask people for the navigation at all.
most of the times I look at the sign and the number and other things try to figure out the way to go there.
Um… So probably I asked 2 or 3 times, I would say. So it's very rare. Yeah.
Okay. So what parts of Pft do you feel that it's slower or slower or most confusing areas to navigate like room numbering, or signage?
Or everything looking similar to you?
First of all, everything looks similar, um, to me.
For example, if I sometimes I find it really difficult. Which one is the front side? Which one is the back side? Which one is the left? Which one is the right? Everything looks symmetric.
Mm-hmm.
Right? Yeah. So in that case, what cues help you most when navigating?
What keywords are generally, like, physical queues that are present now? What… such skills help you, like room numbers or directional signs, landmarks.
maps.
Um, I'm not sure, is there anything, like, north-south zone, or something like this? I'm not sure about it, but it would be better to have something like this, like this, a North Purd is the south bird, the east or west bird.
That might help to navigate, that might help to understand, okay, where I am.
Mm-hmm.
in right now. Um… yeah.
Yeah, so on the next question I want to ask is that do you have any preference on navigating buildings like I want to use elevator or stairs.
Shortest path, avoiding crowded areas, or when you're carrying heavy objects.
Yeah, obviously, when incurring heavy objects, and I would definitely prefer for elevator, not the extra case.
And other thing that probably it would be better to have a system like.
a virtual reality dev staff. So where I'm in right now, so far should I navigate instead of just like saying, go to right, go to left or.
Mm-hmm.
Um, go straight. For one minute, or for 10 feet, something like this. So I would say this is useful, but it would be much more useful if you if I have a system like.
having some sort of virtual reality. So where I'm in right now, so how should I navigate? So visual things.
Make, uh, the overall experience much better than having some kind of like textual navigational stuff.
Okay, have you ever struggled to find an accessible route, like… Elevate or, um, automating doors, emergency exit, like, for accessible preferences.
Um, yeah. So finding out where is the elevator is kind of difficult for me.
I'm sure I would say, for example, there is a push button that.
But Marton, you should press to open the lift or call the lift. So on my first day, I couldn't figure it out.
Mm-hmm.
So that's pretty strange. But the Ux was not so good, I would say. Yeah.
Yeah. So, now I am talking about the, like, normal system, normal digital navigation system that is used in outdoors, like Google Maps or Apple, as a pedestrian, do you use such apps?
Yeah, so what do you like about that system?
Yeah, definitely.
Mm-hmm.
Um, for the navigational perspective. Yeah, that way they navigate. That way they show the traffic. That way they show the shortest path that I can follow.
And also some sort of like interesting information. For example, this road is clogged or this road is under construction, kind of like this. So it's very important.
Okay. Would you use a digital indoor navigation system if we build for PFT?
Oh, why not? I mean, it'll be great, especially the building, like… you know, there are lots of wounds, everything, but we don't know where it is exactly is.
So having such kind of navigational system definitely. would be very much beneficial for us, yeah.
Yeah, so… Um, can you tell a scenario that when or what might stop you?
from using these digital indoor navigational system?
You're asking when… to stop this digital navigational system, am I right?
Ew. Awesome.
Well, um… Ours, um… especially when when I will learn all the corners of in the building. I know where everything is located in the building, and there is no point of using this navigational thing. But.
Definitely, for the newcomers, the freshmen, it would be really, really helpful for them.
So those were all the questions I have in my mind. Is there anything else you would like to add for our system?
I would say, um… That would be really great if you can come up with a very good navigational system.